# Technology Radar

### What is the Technology Radar

The Technology Radar is a tool to analyze technological trends. It allows its users to map technologies based on their 
relevance in their respective fields. The term 'technology' can be used in its broadest sense here: it can mean anything 
ranging from a tool, library or framework, to an entire platform, language or methodology. These technologies are mapped 
on a Radar, which aims to give an insight to the relevance of that technology in its respective field. Technologies 
positioned more closely to the center of the Radar are considered to be most interesting and worth paying attention to.
Conversely, technologies mapped closer to the outsides of the Radar are deemed to have lost their relevance, and users 
should seriously consider avoiding these technologies or stop using them altogether. 

The positions of the technologies on the Radar give an insightful overview of the relevance and popularity of different 
tools and frameworks, and even of trends within a specific field. But perhaps more importantly, the Technology Radar 
gives users an opportunity to actively look into their own fields and discuss amongst peers what developments are taking 
place. The process of mapping the relevant technologies on the Radar allows users to evaluate what technologies are 
emerging, which trends are still or no longer relevant, and which technologies should be ignored or dropped altogether. 
This inspection into the users' fields of interest is the ultimate goal of the Technology Radar, and the final success 
of the application can therefore be measured in the number of enthusiastic discussions it elicits amongst its users. 

### How to use this application

*Reading Trends*  
The Radar tool provides a simple and insightful overview of different technologies within a certain field. From the 
application's Start page, a user can select the field, or 'Radar', which they are interested in. This can for example be 
the Front-end Radar, the Java Radar or the AI Radar. From the Details page for that specific Radar, the user will see 
all relevant technologies (or Blips) listed, and mapped based on their relevance. The Radar Map is divided into multiple 
Rings, and the Rings closer to the center of the map hold the Blips which are considered most relevant in this specific 
field, meaning that these are the ones you want to keep your eye on. Conversely, the further away from the center a Ring 
is positioned, the less relevant the Blips on this Ring become.

*Collecting Data*   
The Radar application is not only developed with the purpose of displaying the data on the map, but also as a tool to 
collect relevant input from its users. The application can easily be used to Create new Radars, with a custom 
configuration to tailor to a user's specific needs. This means that a Radar can be created for any new field of 
interest, but also for example for a particular group or organization. Creating a new Radar for an organization allows 
them to analyze the relevance of the different technologies they are currently using, and to proactively consider 
whether they need to add or drop certain technologies from their stack.

Once a Radar has been created, the application can be used to gather all the relevant information for the Blips on that 
Radar. Here as well the application serves as a tool to collect and order inputs, allowing users to shape their Radars 
as they see fit. New Blips can be created, for which all sorts of data can be gathered like descriptions and links to 
relevant resources. The Blips can then be mapped to the Rings of the Radar, indicating their relevance. Collecting these 
data entries through a clear and intuitive user interface allows users to easily control the content of their Radars.

*Interactive Discussions*   
Another key feature of the Radar application is the ability to collect data in an interactive session. The application's 
mechanisms for voting on and coming to a consensus regarding the relevance and positions of the Blips on the Radar are 
intended to bring users together and facilitate discussions. The ultimate purpose of the Technology Radar therefore is 
to elicit uninhibited and open sharing of opinions, which will result in the most insightful and therefore valuable 
mapping of technologies within a given field.

### How this project is set up

*Find further documentation via a list of links:*

docs:
* domain
  * radar definitions (Blips, Quadrants and Rings)
  * user roles (View, Analyze and Assess)
  * lexicon
* technical setup
  * project structure
    * client setup
      * Core and Common components
      * state management
    * server setup
  * local development
    * running locally
    * testing
  * coding conventions
    * tools and libraries
    * styling conventions
    * linting rules
